chore: Translate all documentation to English (#1054)
Amsterdam/design-system: packages/css/src/components/breadcrumb/README.md

# Breadcrumb

The breadcrumb is a secondary navigation pattern that helps a user understand the structure between levels in the website up to the current page.
Users can use it to navigate.

## Guidelines

### Use like this

Only use the breadcrumb trail if it adds something functional for the user and the structure is ‘static’.

### Avoid this

Do not display the breadcrumb trail on a form page.

> It distracts from the user’s task, or one can accidentally interpret it as a Progress Indicator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It distracts from the users task, or one can accidentally interpret it as a Progress Indicator.
```
